---
layout: post
title:  "MADiSON"
date:   2024-10-02 07:05:55 +0300
image:  MADISON_POST.jpg
tags:   Screenshooting
---
MADiSON is a first person psychological horror game that delivers an immersive and terrifying experience. With the help of an instant camera, connect the human world with the beyond, take pictures and develop them by yourself.

## Required
* [Melon Loader 0.6.5](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/releases/latest/download/MelonLoader.Installer.exe)
* [Cinematic Unity Explorer 1.2.0](https://github.com/originalnicodr/CinematicUnityExplorer/releases) and choose CinematicUnityExplorer.MelonLoader.IL2CPP.CoreCLR.zip


## Optional
* Reshade
* [Unity IGCS Connector for ReShade IGCSDOF](https://github.com/originalnicodr/CinematicUnityExplorer/releases) 

## Installation

### Melon Loader Installation
Start Melon Loader installer and leave `Latest` checked. 
Click on `Select` and point to your game installation directory. Choose `Lost In Random.exe` and click `Open`.
Back to Melon Loader installer, click `Install`

### Cinematic Unity Explorer Installation
Unzip the content to your game directory usually something like `\steamapps\common\MADiSON`.
Don't be affraid, this 2 folders may already exist but are empty. 

Once this all done, start the game. It may take some time to see the first game splash screen. This is completely normal.
Second time, your game will start in no time. You should see something like this. Press `F7` to hide the CUE interface.

## How To Take A Screenshot

Basically, for this game this how you would proceed to get the shooting part easier.

* Press `Page Up` to pause the game.
* Press `Delete` to hide the HUD.
* Press `F7` to show the CUE interface.
* Check `Use Game Camera` if you want to keep the game post processing. You will only need to do this once. That setting stays active the whole time the game is running.
* Press `Begin Freecam`. 
* Press `F7` to hide CUE interface.
* Frame and take your shot.

So, the second time you want or need to activate the camera for a shot, the cheat code is: Page Up, Delete and Insert. The way around to get back in the game. 

For the camera movements, refer to the free camera window when CUE interface is active. 
