---
layout: post
title:  Road 96 (GamePass)
date:   2025-01-12 15:01:35 +0300
image:  ROAD96_POST.jpg
tags:   Screenshooting
---

Summer 1996, Today is the day! You hit the road. Adventure. Freedom. Escape. Run. Flee the Regime. Try to survive. 
On this risky road trip to the border, you’ll meet incredible characters, and discover their intertwined stories and secrets in an ever-evolving adventure.

## Required
* [Melon Loader 0.6.6](https://github.com/LavaGang/MelonLoader/releases/tag/v0.6.6) (choose MelonLoader.x64.zip)
* [Cinematic Unity Explorer 1.3.0](https://github.com/originalnicodr/CinematicUnityExplorer/releases/tag/1.3.0) (choose CinematicUnityExplorer.MelonLoader.IL2CPP.CoreCLR.zip)

## Optional
* [ReShade](https://reshade.me/#download)

## Installation

### Melon Loader Installation
Unzip the content from `MelonLoader.x64.zip` in `\Road 96\Content` and you are done.

### Cinematic Unity Explorer Installation
Unzip the content to your game directory usually something like `\Road 96\Content`.
Don't be affraid, this 2 folders may already exist but are empty. 

Once this all done, start the game. It may take some time to see the first game splash screen. This is completely normal.
Second time, your game will start in no time. You should see something like this. Press `F7` to hide the CUE interface.

## How To Take A Screenshot

Basically, for this game this how you would proceed to get the shooting part easier.

* Press `Page Up` to pause the game.
* Press `Delete` to hide the HUD.
* Press `F7` to show the CUE interface.
* Choose `Gameplay` if you want to keep the game post processing. You will only need to do this once. That setting stays active the whole time the game is running.
* Press `Begin Freecam`. 
* Press `F7` to hide CUE interface.
* Frame and take your shot.

So, the second time you want or need to activate the camera for a shot, the cheat code is: Page Up, Delete and Insert. The way around to get back in the game. 

For the camera movements, refer to the free camera window when CUE interface is active. 
